Train clustering fix ranges (#13351)
demisto/content: Packs/Base/ReleaseNotes/1_12_14.md

#### Scripts
##### DBotTrainClustering

> - Fixed an issue where the range of x-axis \ y-axis is float.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the script caused the associated widget to not work properly.
```
